AHEAD builds platforms for digital business. By weaving together advances in cloud infrastructure, automation and analytics, and software delivery, we help enterprises deliver on the promise of digital transformation.

At AHEAD, we prioritize creating a culture of belonging, where all perspectives and voices are represented, valued, respected, and heard. We create spaces to empower everyone to speak up, make change, and drive the culture at AHEAD.

We are an equal opportunity employer, and do not discriminate based on an individual's race, national origin, color, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, religion, age, disability, marital status, or any other protected characteristic under applicable law, whether actual or perceived.

We embrace all candidates that will contribute to the diversification and enrichment of ideas and perspectives at AHEAD. 

Backend API Engineer will be responsible in building the APIs and platform services that agents and the UI consume. Responsible for performant, reliable, secure endpoints and real-time interfaces enabling token streaming, traces, and event-driven workflows.

Key Responsibilities

Build APIs using FastAPI / Node.js in AWS Lambda or ECS/EKS.
Implement WebSocket support for streaming agent output.
Manage routing, rate limits, token streaming, session management.
Implement signed Bedrock calls through VPC endpoints.
Partner with Front-End and Agent Engineers on schema contracts.
Integrate EventBridge, SQS/SNS, SecretsManager.

Education 

Minimum - bachelor’s degree in computer science or software engineering
Preferred – AWS Developer certifications

Skills Required

4+ years of experience in backend API development
Production microservice experience.
Bedrock API + token streaming experience.
Secure API design competency.
Strong performance optimization skills.

Why AHEAD

Through our daily work and internal groups like Moving Women AHEAD and RISE AHEAD, we value and benefit from diversity of people, ideas, experience, and everything in between.

We fuel growth by stacking our office with top-notch technologies in a multi-million-dollar lab, by encouraging cross department training and development, sponsoring certifications and credentials for continued learning.

India Employment Benefits Include

Comprehensive health insurance coverage for employees, with options to extend coverage to dependents

Paid time off and company holidays, along with additional leave benefits as per policy

Flexible work arrangements, supporting work-life balance

Learning and development opportunities to support continuous growth and upskilling

Employee wellness initiatives and programs focused on physical and mental well-being

Retirement and statutory benefits in line with India regulations

Inclusive and people-first culture, with a strong focus on collaboration and ownership