Full-Time

Hyderabad

Posted 7 years ago

THE TEAM

At KTree we tackle tough problems everyday. Learning, Sharing, Collaborating & Supporting one another are key traits in our Team. KTree’s Engineering team enjoy facing challenges as individuals, but we are also eager to collaborate and share our knowledge. Our Inherent DNA is to go extra step if needed and deliver the right thing. We work in agile methodology as small group and perform weekly demos of the code we ship, hone our skills through code reviews.

THE CHALLENGE

We are committed to building an amazing experiences for our customers, thus we only ship the highest quality web applications / mobile apps focusing on the detail of every interaction. Our applications use the modern technologies, which sometime also means we are really on our own and we may have to really push boundaries. Performance & continuity of the web applications are critical, we must have a high level of confidence around every releases and know that they will perform.

Job Description

Experience in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery, Bootstrap.
Experience on Responsive designs are must.
Capability to identify issues, risk and escalate to the appropriate task.
Create the look, layout and features of a website and produce sample sites.
Responsible for designing responsive web design.
Demonstrate and receive feedback about drafts sites.
Prepare site by installing and configuring server software; installing programming language using authoring and formatting tools; ensuring cross-platform compatibility; establishing links.
Establish locatability by registering with search engines.
Protects site by designing and installing security precautions.
Maintains site appearance by developing and enforcing content and display standards; editing submissions.
Create wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps.
Produce products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing.
Create back up files and solve coding problems.
Keep up-to-date with recent technological and software developments.
Present and defend designs and key deliverables to peers and stakeholders.
Establish and promote design guidelines, best practices and standards.
Meet with clients to discuss requirements and/or project progress.
Upgrades site by updating content and graphics; monitoring performance and results; identifying and evaluating improvement options; introducing new technology; maintaining links.
Strong work ethic and competence, to work under timeframes.
