About the job
Requisition Id: 1682521

As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services, we hire and develop the most passionate people in their field to help build a better working world. This starts with a culture that believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom. At EY, we don't just focus on who you are now, but who you can become. We believe that it’s your career and ‘It’s yours to build’ which means potential here is limitless and we'll provide you with motivating and fulfilling experiences throughout your career to help you on the path to becoming your best professional self.

The opportunity : Associate Consultant-FS-Tech Consulting-CNS - TC - CYBER SECURITY - Hyderabad

FS : 

Finance fuels our lives. Banking, Insurance and Wealth management, create the foundations for growth, prosperity and peace of mind. No other Industry touches so many people or shapes so many lives.

Amid sweeping regulatory change, today’s financial services institutions are focusing on digital transformation, convergence and disruption from an array of nontraditional competitors — all while meeting greater demands for trust and transparency.

To address this delicate balance of issues, our competent team of business strategists, technologists and industry leaders bring fresh thinking and sector knowledge across banking and capital markets, insurance, and wealth and asset management. The results are seamless collaboration, innovative problem solving, breakthrough performance gains and sustainable value creation.

We recruit, train and nurture a diverse set of people who dedicate their minds to building the future of financial services. Together, we explore new perspectives with innovative and entrepreneurial thinking to deliver exceptional client service and ensure that what we do today, counts for tomorrow.

CNS - TC - CYBER SECURITY : 

EY Consulting is building a better working world by transforming businesses through the power of people, technology and innovation. Our client-centric approach focuses on driving long-term value for our clients by solving their most strategic problems. EY Consulting is made up of three sub-service lines: Business Consulting (including Performance Improvement and Risk Consulting), Technology Consulting and People Advisory Services.

In Tech Consulting, we are transforming businesses through the power of people, technology and innovation. It places humans@center, leverages technology@speed and enables innovation@scale.

Your Key Responsibilities

Technical Excellence

Cyber security staff

Skills And Attributes

To qualify for the role you must have

Qualification

Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical
Bachelor of Technology in Mechanical Engineering
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science

Experience

Cybersecurity (5+ years)
